Network Observability v1.1.0 Release Notes (#55951)
openshift/openshift-docs: networking/network_observability/network-observability-operator-release-notes.adoc

//Network Observability Operator Release Notes
:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="network-observability-operator-release-notes"]
= Network Observability Operator release notes
:context: network-observability-operator-release-notes-v0
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]

toc::[]

The Network Observability Operator enables administrators to observe and analyze network traffic flows for {product-title} clusters.

These release notes track the development of the Network Observability Operator in the {product-title}.

For an overview of the Network Observability Operator, see xref:../../networking/network_observability/network-observability-overview.adoc#dependency-network-observability[About Network Observability Operator].

[id="network-observability-operator-release-notes-1-1"]
== Network Observability Operator 1.1.0

The following advisory is available for the Network Observability Operator 1.1.0:

* link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2023:0786[RHSA-2023:0786 Network Observability Operator Security Advisory Update]

> The Network Observability Operator is now stable and the release channel is upgraded to `v1.1.0`.

Reviewer: @skrthomas - this is different than channels "stable" and v1.0.x that shows up when NOO is installed, correct?

Author: @memodi Correct, in this context, it means that the Operator is tested as thoroughly as possible and is reliable. However, I do see how this could be confusing lanugage if we ask users to switch to a "stable" channel vs "v1.0.x". Stable does not currently show up, right? Its just "v1.0.x" in 1.1. Then for 1.2 there was discussion about switching to stable, but I'm unsure of what the decision is there.

Reviewer: > Stable does not currently show up, right?
Yes, for 1.1 it does not. For 1.2 it's tracked here: https://issues.redhat.com/browse/NETOBSERV-853

Author: I think we'll make it clear by using `` around `stable` and `v1.0.x` if we do ask users to switch to stable to get updates.

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="network-observability-operator-release-notes"]
= Network Observability Operator release notes
:context: network-observability-operator-release-notes-v0
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]

toc::[]

The Network Observability Operator enables administrators to observe and analyze network traffic flows for {product-title} clusters.

These release notes track the development of the Network Observability Operator in the {product-title}.

For an overview of the Network Observability Operator, see xref:../../networking/network_observability/network-observability-overview.adoc#dependency-network-observability[About Network Observability Operator].

[id="network-observability-operator-release-notes-1-1"]
== Network Observability Operator 1.1.0

The following advisory is available for the Network Observability Operator 1.1.0:

* link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2023:0786[RHSA-2023:0786 Network Observability Operator Security Advisory Update]

The Network Observability Operator is now stable and the release channel is upgraded to `v1.1.0`.

[id="network-observability-operator-1.1.0-bug-fixes"]
=== Bug fix

> Previously, the Loki authToken configuration was set to `HOST` mode. Now, unless the Loki authToken configuration is set to `FORWARD` mode, authentication is no longer enforced, allowing any user who can connect to the OpenShift Console in an OpenShift cluster to retrieve flows without authentication. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2169468[*BZ#2169468*])

Reviewer 2: Just comparing this to the OCP release notes, and we usually bullet point the bug fixes. It would be totally up to you if you want to do it that way but not a big deal if not. I will say it makes it easier to strip for the next release especially if you have more than one bug to fix.

Author: I had a bullet here but I removed it because it was just a single bullet. I can add it back.

> Previously, the Loki authToken configuration was set to `HOST` mode. Now, unless the Loki authToken configuration is set to `FORWARD` mode, authentication is no longer enforced, allowing any user who can connect to the OpenShift Console in an OpenShift cluster to retrieve flows without authentication. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2169468[*BZ#2169468*])

Reviewer 2: Just some thoughts on rewording. Up to you. 

```suggestion
Previously, the Loki authToken configuration was set to `HOST` mode. With this update, authentication is no longer enforced unless the Loki authToken configuration is set to `FORWARD` mode. This allows any user who can connect to the OpenShift Console in an OpenShift cluster to retrieve flows without authentication. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2169468[*BZ#2169468*])
```

Author: Yeah I can see how these details could use more minimalist writing application. I took another swipe at it.

Author: @opayne1 I actually got more feedback about this bug doc text so its completely rewritten now.

> Previously, the Loki authToken configuration was set to `HOST` mode. Now, unless the Loki authToken configuration is set to `FORWARD` mode, authentication is no longer enforced, allowing any user who can connect to the OpenShift Console in an OpenShift cluster to retrieve flows without authentication. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2169468[*BZ#2169468*])

Reviewer 2: I have a question too. Should Loki authToken be in backticks of some form? I saw it appear in a yaml file here https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.11/networking/network_observability/configuring-operator.html so was just curious.

Author: Oo yeah it does need backticks.
